Hook priority and selectors documentation (#152)
secureCodeBox/documentation: docs/api/crds/scan.md

These fields will merge the parent's entries with entries defined in the cascading rules.
Entries defined in cascading rules will only apply to the current scan.

:::caution
Defining identical entries in both the Scan AND the Cascading Rule resource will lead to undefined behaviour.
See [#789](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/issues/789) for more details.
:::

To use cascades you'll need to have the [CombinedScan hook](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/hooks/cascading-scans) installed.

For an example on how they can be used see the [Scanning Networks HowTo](https://docs.securecodebox.io/docs/how-tos/scanning-networks)

### HookSelector (Optional)

`hookSelector` allows you to select which hooks to run using [Kubernetes Label Selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#labelselector-v1-meta).

You can only select hooks in the namespace in which the scan is running.

Leaving this field undefined will select all available hooks in this namespace.

```yaml
hookSelector:
  matchExpressions:
   - key: app.kubernetes.io/instance
     operator: In
     values: [ "defectdojo", "cascading-scans" ]
```

:::note

> To use cascading scans in combination with hookSelector, ensure that you also select the cascading scans hook.
> You should manually ensure that your other selectors don't override this selector in behavior.
> You can also use the existing label `securecodebox.io/internal` to select core features like cascading scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cascading scans are currently implemented as a hook.
To use cascading scans in combination with hookSelector, ensure that you also select the cascading scans hook.
The cascading scan hook, as well as any future core secureCodeBox features implemented as hooks, carry the label `securecodebox.io/internal: true` to make this easier.
```

This block is a bit strange to me ("don't override this selector in behavior"). I suspect this suggested change keeps the meaning of what you wanted to say? Otherwise feel free to disregard it and reword it in another way.

:::

For more examples on how this field can be used, see the [Hook HowTo](/docs/how-tos/hooks).

## Metadata

> Metadata is a standard field on Kubernetes resources. It contains multiple relevant fields, e.g. the name of the resource, its namespace and a `creationTimestamp` of the resource. See more on the [Kubernetes Docs]https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/) and the [Kubernetes API Reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.21/#objectmeta-v1-meta))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata is a standard field on Kubernetes resources. It contains multiple relevant fields, e.g. the name of the resource, its namespace and a `creationTimestamp` of the resource. See more on the [Kubernetes Docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/) and the [Kubernetes API Reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.21/#objectmeta-v1-meta).
```

Another small thing that is not related to your changes but may be less of a headache to quickly fix as part of this PR to avoid having to rebase the branch.
